README.md, before:

## About

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/develop.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/develop.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/branch/develop)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/XCDYouTubeKit.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/XCDYouTubeKit/)
[![Pod Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/XCDYouTubeKit.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/XCDYouTubeKit)
[![Carthage Compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/XCDYouTubeKit.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE)

**XCDYouTubeKit** is a YouTube video player for iOS, tvOS and macOS.

<img src="Screenshots/XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController.png" width="480" height="320">

Are you enjoying XCDYouTubeKit? You can say thank you with [a tweet](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%400xced%20Thank%20you%20for%20XCDYouTubeKit%2E). I am also accepting donations. ;-)

[![Donate button](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=MGEPRSNQFMV3W)

## Requirements

- Runs on iOS 8.0 and later
- Runs on macOS 10.9 and later
- Runs on tvOS 9.0 and later

## Warning

XCDYouTubeKit is against the YouTube [Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms). The only *official* way of playing a YouTube video inside an app is with a web view and the [iframe player API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference). Unfortunately, this is very slow and quite ugly, so I wrote this player to give users a better viewing experience.

## Installation

XCDYouTubeKit is available through CocoaPods and Carthage.

CocoaPods:

```ruby
pod "XCDYouTubeKit", "~> 2.7"
```

Carthage:

```objc
github "0xced/XCDYouTubeKit" ~> 2.7
```

Alternatively, you can manually use the provided static library or dynamic framework. In order to use the static library, you must:

1. Create a workspace (File → New → Workspace…)
2. Add your project to the workspace
3. Add the XCDYouTubeKit project to the workspace
4. Drag and drop the `libXCDYouTubeKit.a` file referenced from XCDYouTubeKit → Products → libXCDYouTubeKit.a into the *Link Binary With Libraries* build phase of your app’s target.

These steps will ensure that `#import <XCDYouTubeKit/XCDYouTubeKit.h>` will work properly in your project.

## Usage

XCDYouTubeKit is [fully documented](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/XCDYouTubeKit/).

### iOS 8.0+ & tvOS (AVPlayerViewController)

```objc 
AVPlayerViewController *playerViewController = [AVPlayerViewController new];
[self presentViewController:playerViewController animated:YES completion:nil];

__weak AVPlayerViewController *weakPlayerViewController = playerViewController;
[[XCDYouTubeClient defaultClient] getVideoWithIdentifier:videoIdentifier completionHandler:^(XCDYouTubeVideo * _Nullable video, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (video)
    {
        NSDictionary *streamURLs = video.streamURLs;
        NSURL *streamURL = streamURLs[XCDYouTubeVideoQualityHTTPLiveStreaming] ?: streamURLs[@(XCDYouTubeVideoQualityHD720)] ?: streamURLs[@(XCDYouTubeVideoQualityMedium360)] ?: streamURLs[@(XCDYouTubeVideoQualitySmall240)];
        weakPlayerViewController.player = [AVPlayer playerWithURL:streamURL];
        [weakPlayerViewController.player play];
    }
    else
    {
        [self dismissViewControllerAnimated:YES completion:nil];
    }
}];
```

### iOS, tvOS and macOS

```objc
NSString *videoIdentifier = @"9bZkp7q19f0"; // A 11 characters YouTube video identifier
[[XCDYouTubeClient defaultClient] getVideoWithIdentifier:videoIdentifier completionHandler:^(XCDYouTubeVideo *video, NSError *error) {
	if (video)
	{
		// Do something with the `video` object
	}
	else
	{
		// Handle error
	}
}];
```

### iOS 8.0

On iOS, you can use the class `XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController` the same way you use a `MPMoviePlayerViewController`, except you initialize it with a YouTube video identifier instead of a content URL.

#### Present the video in full-screen

```objc
- (void) playVideo
{
	XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController *videoPlayerViewController = [[XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController alloc] initWithVideoIdentifier:@"9bZkp7q19f0"];
	[[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:self selector:@selector(moviePlayerPlaybackDidFinish:) name:MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification object:videoPlayerViewController.moviePlayer];
	[self presentMoviePlayerViewControllerAnimated:videoPlayerViewController];
}

- (void) moviePlayerPlaybackDidFinish:(NSNotification *)notification
{
	[[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] removeObserver:self name:MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification object:notification.object];
	MPMovieFinishReason finishReason = [notification.userInfo[MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishReasonUserInfoKey] integerValue];
	if (finishReason == MPMovieFinishReasonPlaybackError)
	{
		NSError *error = notification.userInfo[XCDMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishErrorUserInfoKey];
		// Handle error
	}
}

```

#### Present the video in a non full-screen view

```objc
XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController *videoPlayerViewController = [[XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController alloc] initWithVideoIdentifier:@"9bZkp7q19f0"];
[videoPlayerViewController presentInView:self.videoContainerView];
[videoPlayerViewController.moviePlayer play];
```

See the demo project for more sample code.

## Logging

Since version 2.2.0, XCDYouTubeKit produces logs. XCDYouTubeKit supports [CocoaLumberjack](https://github.com/CocoaLumberjack/CocoaLumberjack) but does not require it.

See the `XCDYouTubeLogger` class [documentation](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/XCDYouTubeKit/) for more information.

## Credits

The URL extraction algorithms in *XCDYouTubeKit* are inspired by the [YouTube extractor](https://github.com/rg3/youtube-dl/blob/master/youtube_dl/extractor/youtube.py) module of the *youtube-dl* project.

## Contact

Cédric Luthi

- http://github.com/0xced
- http://twitter.com/0xced

## License

XCDYouTubeKit is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

[README] Document support & installation via Accio

README.md, after:

## About

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/develop.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/develop.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/branch/develop)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/XCDYouTubeKit.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/XCDYouTubeKit/)
[![Pod Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/XCDYouTubeKit.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/XCDYouTubeKit)
[![Carthage Compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/)
[![Accio supported](https://img.shields.io/badge/Accio-supported-0A7CF5.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/JamitLabs/Accio)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/XCDYouTubeKit.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE)

**XCDYouTubeKit** is a YouTube video player for iOS, tvOS and macOS.

<img src="Screenshots/XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController.png" width="480" height="320">

Are you enjoying XCDYouTubeKit? You can say thank you with [a tweet](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%400xced%20Thank%20you%20for%20XCDYouTubeKit%2E). I am also accepting donations. ;-)

[![Donate button](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=MGEPRSNQFMV3W)

## Requirements

- Runs on iOS 8.0 and later
- Runs on macOS 10.9 and later
- Runs on tvOS 9.0 and later

## Warning

XCDYouTubeKit is against the YouTube [Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms). The only *official* way of playing a YouTube video inside an app is with a web view and the [iframe player API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference). Unfortunately, this is very slow and quite ugly, so I wrote this player to give users a better viewing experience.

## Installation

XCDYouTubeKit is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/), [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) and [Accio](https://github.com/JamitLabs/Accio).

CocoaPods:

```ruby
pod "XCDYouTubeKit", "~> 2.7"
```

Carthage:

```objc
github "0xced/XCDYouTubeKit" ~> 2.7
```

Accio:

```swift
.package(url: "https://github.com/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit.git", .upToNextMajor(from: "2.7.3")),
```

Alternatively, you can manually use the provided static library or dynamic framework. In order to use the static library, you must:

1. Create a workspace (File → New → Workspace…)
2. Add your project to the workspace
3. Add the XCDYouTubeKit project to the workspace
4. Drag and drop the `libXCDYouTubeKit.a` file referenced from XCDYouTubeKit → Products → libXCDYouTubeKit.a into the *Link Binary With Libraries* build phase of your app’s target.

These steps will ensure that `#import <XCDYouTubeKit/XCDYouTubeKit.h>` will work properly in your project.

## Usage

XCDYouTubeKit is [fully documented](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/XCDYouTubeKit/).

### iOS 8.0+ & tvOS (AVPlayerViewController)

```objc 
AVPlayerViewController *playerViewController = [AVPlayerViewController new];
[self presentViewController:playerViewController animated:YES completion:nil];

__weak AVPlayerViewController *weakPlayerViewController = playerViewController;
[[XCDYouTubeClient defaultClient] getVideoWithIdentifier:videoIdentifier completionHandler:^(XCDYouTubeVideo * _Nullable video, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (video)
    {
        NSDictionary *streamURLs = video.streamURLs;
        NSURL *streamURL = streamURLs[XCDYouTubeVideoQualityHTTPLiveStreaming] ?: streamURLs[@(XCDYouTubeVideoQualityHD720)] ?: streamURLs[@(XCDYouTubeVideoQualityMedium360)] ?: streamURLs[@(XCDYouTubeVideoQualitySmall240)];
        weakPlayerViewController.player = [AVPlayer playerWithURL:streamURL];
        [weakPlayerViewController.player play];
    }
    else
    {
        [self dismissViewControllerAnimated:YES completion:nil];
    }
}];
```

### iOS, tvOS and macOS

```objc
NSString *videoIdentifier = @"9bZkp7q19f0"; // A 11 characters YouTube video identifier
[[XCDYouTubeClient defaultClient] getVideoWithIdentifier:videoIdentifier completionHandler:^(XCDYouTubeVideo *video, NSError *error) {
	if (video)
	{
		// Do something with the `video` object
	}
	else
	{
		// Handle error
	}
}];
```

### iOS 8.0

On iOS, you can use the class `XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController` the same way you use a `MPMoviePlayerViewController`, except you initialize it with a YouTube video identifier instead of a content URL.

#### Present the video in full-screen

```objc
- (void) playVideo
{
	XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController *videoPlayerViewController = [[XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController alloc] initWithVideoIdentifier:@"9bZkp7q19f0"];
	[[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:self selector:@selector(moviePlayerPlaybackDidFinish:) name:MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification object:videoPlayerViewController.moviePlayer];
	[self presentMoviePlayerViewControllerAnimated:videoPlayerViewController];
}

- (void) moviePlayerPlaybackDidFinish:(NSNotification *)notification
{
	[[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] removeObserver:self name:MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification object:notification.object];
	MPMovieFinishReason finishReason = [notification.userInfo[MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishReasonUserInfoKey] integerValue];
	if (finishReason == MPMovieFinishReasonPlaybackError)
	{
		NSError *error = notification.userInfo[XCDMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishErrorUserInfoKey];
		// Handle error
	}
}

```

#### Present the video in a non full-screen view

```objc
XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController *videoPlayerViewController = [[XCDYouTubeVideoPlayerViewController alloc] initWithVideoIdentifier:@"9bZkp7q19f0"];
[videoPlayerViewController presentInView:self.videoContainerView];
[videoPlayerViewController.moviePlayer play];
```

See the demo project for more sample code.

## Logging

Since version 2.2.0, XCDYouTubeKit produces logs. XCDYouTubeKit supports [CocoaLumberjack](https://github.com/CocoaLumberjack/CocoaLumberjack) but does not require it.

See the `XCDYouTubeLogger` class [documentation](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/XCDYouTubeKit/) for more information.

## Credits

The URL extraction algorithms in *XCDYouTubeKit* are inspired by the [YouTube extractor](https://github.com/rg3/youtube-dl/blob/master/youtube_dl/extractor/youtube.py) module of the *youtube-dl* project.

## Contact

Cédric Luthi

- http://github.com/0xced
- http://twitter.com/0xced

## License

XCDYouTubeKit is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
